CNV-78212: CQA changes in virt-backup-restore-overview.adoc (#108917)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-and-configure-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

* CSI backups with DataMover.
====

.Prerequisites

* Access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

.Procedure

. Install the {oadp-short} Operator according to the instructions for your storage provider.

> . Install the Data Protection Application (DPA) with the `kubevirt` and `openshift` {oadp-short} plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the Data Protection Application (DPA) with the `kubevirt` and `openshift` {oadp-short} plug-ins.
```
Per https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#plugin
